DOCS-1101: Update to smart machine more broadly (#1863)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/extend/modular-resources/_index.md

### Uploading to Viam Registry

After you finish programming your module, you can [upload your module to the Viam registry](/extend/modular-resources/upload/) to make it available for deployment to smart machines.
As part of the upload process, you decide whether your module is *private* (visible only to other members of your [organization](/manage/fleet/organizations/)), or *public* (visible to all Viam users).

You can see details about each module in the [Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/registry) on its module details page.
See the [Odrive module](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/odrive) for an example.
Public modules also display the number of times a module has been deployed to a smart machine.

When you make changes to your module, you can [uploaded the newer version](/extend/modular-resources/upload/#update-an-existing-module) with a new version number, and the Viam registry will track each version that you upload.

### Deploying to a Robot

> Once you [upload a module to the Viam registry](/extend/modular-resources/upload/), you can [deploy the module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/) to any smart machine in your organization from [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
Once you [upload a module to the Viam registry](/extend/modular-resources/upload/), you can [deploy the module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/) to any robot in your organization from [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).
```

See the [Odrive module](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/odrive) for an example.
Public modules also display the number of times a module has been deployed to a smart machine.

When you make changes to your module, you can [uploaded the newer version](/extend/modular-resources/upload/#update-an-existing-module) with a new version number, and the Viam registry will track each version that you upload.

### Deploying to a Robot

Once you [upload a module to the Viam registry](/extend/modular-resources/upload/), you can [deploy the module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/) to any smart machine in your organization from [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).
Navigate to your robot's **Configuration** tab, click the **+ Create component** button, then start typing the name of the module you would like to deploy.

By default, a newly-created module is *private*, meaning that the module will only appear for users within your [organization](/manage/fleet/organizations/), but you can later [update your module](/extend/modular-resources/upload/#update-an-existing-module) to set it to be *public*, which makes your module available to all Viam users.

> When you deploy a module to your smart machine, you can [choose how to update that module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/#configure-version-update-management-for-a-registry-module) when new versions become available.

Reviewer: I don’t think this makes sense if it’s still called robot in the app

Author: ```suggestion
When you deploy a module to your robot, you can [choose how to update that module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/#configure-version-update-management-for-a-registry-module) when new versions become available.
```

- Browse the [Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/registry) to see modules uploaded by other users.

> - [Deploy a module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/) to your smart machine from the Registry.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Deploy a module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/) to your robot from the Registry.
```

> - Browse the [modular resources tutorials](/extend/modular-resources/examples/) for examples of deploying and using custom modular resources on your smart machines.

Reviewer: For all of these ones that talk about deploying to a robot/smart machine, I wonder if robot is still the right word to use since that’s an organizational piece in the app still

Author: Could be - I was thinking on the high level page we say smart machines and then we switch over to robot once the UI is involved

- [Deploy a module](/extend/modular-resources/configure/) to your robot from the Registry.

> - Browse the [modular resources tutorials](/extend/modular-resources/examples/) for examples of deploying and using custom modular resources on your smart machines.

Author: ```suggestion
- Browse the [modular resources tutorials](/extend/modular-resources/examples/) for examples of deploying and using custom modular resources on your robot.
```
